@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2020/06/20 00:11:27 ryoon Exp $
bin/remmina
bin/remmina-file-wrapper
include/remmina/plugin.h
include/remmina/remmina_trace_calls.h
include/remmina/types.h
lib/pkgconfig/remmina.pc
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-exec.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-kwallet.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-nx.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-rdp.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-secret.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-spice.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-st.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-vnc.so
lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-xdmcp.so
man/man1/remmina-file-wrapper.1
man/man1/remmina.1
share/applications/org.remmina.Remmina.desktop
share/applications/remmina-file.desktop
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/72x72/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/72x72/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/72x72/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.png
share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/remmina-panel.png
share/icons/hicolor/apps/org.remmina.Remmina-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/apps/remmina-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-camera-photo-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-connect-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-disconnect-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-document-save-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-document-send-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-duplicate-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-dynres-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-fit-window-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-fullscreen-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-go-bottom-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-keyboard-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-pan-down-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-pan-up-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-pin-down-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-pin-up-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-preferences-system-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-scale-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-switch-page-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/remmina-system-run-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/view-list.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/remmina-panel-inverted.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/remmina-panel.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-nx-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-rdp-ssh-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-rdp-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-sftp-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-spice-ssh-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-spice-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-ssh-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-tool-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-vnc-ssh-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-vnc-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-xdmcp-ssh-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/remmina-xdmcp-symbolic.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/panel/remmina-panel-inverted.svg
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/panel/remmina-panel.svg
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ast/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/es_VE/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ie/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/kn/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/shn/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/si/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/ug/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/uz@cyrillic/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
share/metainfo/org.remmina.Remmina.appdata.xml
share/mime/packages/remmina-mime.xml
share/remmina/external_tools/functions.sh
share/remmina/external_tools/launcher.sh
share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_filezilla_sftp.sh
share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_filezilla_sftp_pki.sh
share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_nslookup.sh
share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_ping.sh
share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_traceroute.sh
share/remmina/theme/3024 Day.colors
share/remmina/theme/3024 Night.colors
share/remmina/theme/AdventureTime.colors
share/remmina/theme/Afterglow.colors
share/remmina/theme/AlienBlood.colors
share/remmina/theme/Andromeda.colors
share/remmina/theme/Argonaut.colors
share/remmina/theme/Arthur.colors
share/remmina/theme/AtelierSulphurpool.colors
share/remmina/theme/Atom.colors
share/remmina/theme/AtomOneLight.colors
share/remmina/theme/Batman.colors
share/remmina/theme/Belafonte Day.colors
share/remmina/theme/Belafonte Night.colors
share/remmina/theme/BirdsOfParadise.colors
share/remmina/theme/Blazer.colors
share/remmina/theme/BlulocoDark.colors
share/remmina/theme/BlulocoLight.colors
share/remmina/theme/Borland.colors
share/remmina/theme/Bright Lights.colors
share/remmina/theme/Broadcast.colors
share/remmina/theme/Brogrammer.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Pastel Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Solarized Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Solarized Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Tango Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Builtin Tango Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/C64.colors
share/remmina/theme/CLRS.colors
share/remmina/theme/Calamity.colors
share/remmina/theme/Chalk.colors
share/remmina/theme/Chalkboard.colors
share/remmina/theme/ChallengerDeep.colors
share/remmina/theme/Chester.colors
share/remmina/theme/Ciapre.colors
share/remmina/theme/Cobalt Neon.colors
share/remmina/theme/Cobalt2.colors
share/remmina/theme/CrayonPonyFish.colors
share/remmina/theme/Dark Pastel.colors
share/remmina/theme/Dark+.colors
share/remmina/theme/Darkside.colors
share/remmina/theme/Desert.colors
share/remmina/theme/DimmedMonokai.colors
share/remmina/theme/DotGov.colors
share/remmina/theme/Dracula.colors
share/remmina/theme/Duotone Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/ENCOM.colors
share/remmina/theme/Earthsong.colors
share/remmina/theme/Elemental.colors
share/remmina/theme/Elementary.colors
share/remmina/theme/Espresso Libre.colors
share/remmina/theme/Espresso.colors
share/remmina/theme/Fahrenheit.colors
share/remmina/theme/Fideloper.colors
share/remmina/theme/FirefoxDev.colors
share/remmina/theme/Firewatch.colors
share/remmina/theme/FishTank.colors
share/remmina/theme/Flat.colors
share/remmina/theme/Flatland.colors
share/remmina/theme/Floraverse.colors
share/remmina/theme/ForestBlue.colors
share/remmina/theme/Framer.colors
share/remmina/theme/FrontEndDelight.colors
share/remmina/theme/FunForrest.colors
share/remmina/theme/Galaxy.colors
share/remmina/theme/Github.colors
share/remmina/theme/Glacier.colors
share/remmina/theme/Grape.colors
share/remmina/theme/Grass.colors
share/remmina/theme/Gruvbox Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hacktober.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hardcore.colors
share/remmina/theme/Harper.colors
share/remmina/theme/Highway.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hipster Green.colors
share/remmina/theme/Homebrew.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hopscotch.256.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hopscotch.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hurtado.colors
share/remmina/theme/Hybrid.colors
share/remmina/theme/IC_Green_PPL.colors
share/remmina/theme/IC_Orange_PPL.colors
share/remmina/theme/IR_Black.colors
share/remmina/theme/Jackie Brown.colors
share/remmina/theme/Japanesque.colors
share/remmina/theme/Jellybeans.colors
share/remmina/theme/JetBrains Darcula.colors
share/remmina/theme/Kibble.colors
share/remmina/theme/Kolorit.colors
share/remmina/theme/Lab Fox.colors
share/remmina/theme/Later This Evening.colors
share/remmina/theme/Lavandula.colors
share/remmina/theme/LiquidCarbon.colors
share/remmina/theme/LiquidCarbonTransparent.colors
share/remmina/theme/LiquidCarbonTransparentInverse.colors
share/remmina/theme/Man Page.colors
share/remmina/theme/Material.colors
share/remmina/theme/MaterialDark.colors
share/remmina/theme/MaterialOcean.colors
share/remmina/theme/Mathias.colors
share/remmina/theme/Medallion.colors
share/remmina/theme/Misterioso.colors
share/remmina/theme/Molokai.colors
share/remmina/theme/MonaLisa.colors
share/remmina/theme/Monokai Remastered.colors
share/remmina/theme/Monokai Soda.colors
share/remmina/theme/Monokai Vivid.colors
share/remmina/theme/N0tch2k.colors
share/remmina/theme/Neopolitan.colors
share/remmina/theme/Neutron.colors
share/remmina/theme/Night Owlish Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/NightLion v1.colors
share/remmina/theme/NightLion v2.colors
share/remmina/theme/Nocturnal Winter.colors
share/remmina/theme/Novel.colors
share/remmina/theme/Obsidian.colors
share/remmina/theme/Ocean.colors
share/remmina/theme/OceanicMaterial.colors
share/remmina/theme/Ollie.colors
share/remmina/theme/OneHalfDark.colors
share/remmina/theme/OneHalfLight.colors
share/remmina/theme/Operator Mono Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Pandora.colors
share/remmina/theme/Paraiso Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Parasio Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/PaulMillr.colors
share/remmina/theme/PencilDark.colors
share/remmina/theme/PencilLight.colors
share/remmina/theme/Piatto Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/Pnevma.colors
share/remmina/theme/Pro Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/Pro.colors
share/remmina/theme/Purple Rain.colors
share/remmina/theme/Red Alert.colors
share/remmina/theme/Red Planet.colors
share/remmina/theme/Red Sands.colors
share/remmina/theme/Relaxed.colors
share/remmina/theme/Rippedcasts.colors
share/remmina/theme/Royal.colors
share/remmina/theme/Ryuuko.colors
share/remmina/theme/SeaShells.colors
share/remmina/theme/Seafoam Pastel.colors
share/remmina/theme/Seti.colors
share/remmina/theme/Shaman.colors
share/remmina/theme/Slate.colors
share/remmina/theme/Smyck.colors
share/remmina/theme/Snazzy.colors
share/remmina/theme/SoftServer.colors
share/remmina/theme/Solarized Darcula.colors
share/remmina/theme/Solarized Dark - Patched.colors
share/remmina/theme/Solarized Dark Higher Contrast.colors
share/remmina/theme/Solarized Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Solarized Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/SpaceGray Eighties Dull.colors
share/remmina/theme/SpaceGray Eighties.colors
share/remmina/theme/SpaceGray.colors
share/remmina/theme/Spacedust.colors
share/remmina/theme/Spiderman.colors
share/remmina/theme/Spring.colors
share/remmina/theme/Square.colors
share/remmina/theme/Subliminal.colors
share/remmina/theme/Sundried.colors
share/remmina/theme/Symfonic.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tango Adapted.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tango Half Adapted.colors
share/remmina/theme/Teerb.colors
share/remmina/theme/Terminal Basic.colors
share/remmina/theme/Thayer Bright.colors
share/remmina/theme/The Hulk.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Blue.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Bright.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Burns.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Eighties.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night.colors
share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow.colors
share/remmina/theme/ToyChest.colors
share/remmina/theme/Treehouse.colors
share/remmina/theme/Twilight.colors
share/remmina/theme/Ubuntu.colors
share/remmina/theme/UltraViolent.colors
share/remmina/theme/UnderTheSea.colors
share/remmina/theme/Unikitty.colors
share/remmina/theme/Urple.colors
share/remmina/theme/Vaughn.colors
share/remmina/theme/VibrantInk.colors
share/remmina/theme/Violet Dark.colors
share/remmina/theme/Violet Light.colors
share/remmina/theme/WarmNeon.colors
share/remmina/theme/Wez.colors
share/remmina/theme/Whimsy.colors
share/remmina/theme/WildCherry.colors
share/remmina/theme/Wombat.colors
share/remmina/theme/Wryan.colors
share/remmina/theme/Zenburn.colors
share/remmina/theme/ayu.colors
share/remmina/theme/ayu_light.colors
share/remmina/theme/cyberpunk.colors
share/remmina/theme/deep.colors
share/remmina/theme/idea.colors
share/remmina/theme/idleToes.colors
share/remmina/theme/lovelace.colors
share/remmina/theme/midnight-in-mojave.colors
share/remmina/theme/primary.colors
share/remmina/theme/purplepeter.colors
share/remmina/theme/rebecca.colors
share/remmina/theme/synthwave.colors
share/remmina/ui/remmina_about.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_key_chooser.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_main.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_mpc.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_news.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_preferences.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_snap_info_dialog.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_spinner.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_string_list.glade
share/remmina/ui/remmina_unlock.glade
